Updated supported data formats supported by Tidb Lightning (#7921)
pingcap/docs: tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-faq.md

1 row in set (0.01 sec)
```

## What kinds of data source formats are supported by TiDB Lightning?

TiDB Lightning supports:

> - Importing CSV, [Dumpling](/dumpling-overview.md) or [Amazon Aurora Parquet](/migrate-from-aurora-using-lightning.md) output files.
> - Reading data from the local disk or [Amazon S3 cloud storage](/br/backup-and-restore-storages.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Importing files exported by [Dumpling](/dumpling-overview.md), CSV files, and [Apache Parquet files generated by Amazon Aurora](/migrate-aurora-to-tidb.md).
- Reading data from a local disk or from the Amazon S3 storage. For details, see [External Storages](/br/backup-and-restore-storages.md).
```
这段话官网中英文都改过了，链接如下：
ZH：https://docs.pingcap.com/zh/tidb/stable/tidb-lightning-overview
EN：https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-lightning-overview
